Thank you very much for coming, and thank you very much for also giving me this opportunity to be
with you all,
with you all here, and as well as in many other places, wherever you are, we are all connected.
And also I like to say everyone, good afternoon, or good morning, or whatever your time zone is,
are basically all the best.
This is one of the very, very difficult and strange situations that we all went through this.
One way is bring all of us together, so we can also become as one within the one and the other,
united together, with the teachings of the Buddha Dharma and Gaurabhama Samba and their blessings.
So therefore, it is in that way, it is a kind of brand new dimension, or new ideas, or new
situation, so that we can really connect it,
and put our teachings into the practices. Always we receive so many teachings from many great
masters, one after another.
Everyone taught us to put teaching into the practices. So this is really the good time that we put
practice, practice together.
And also many times, I myself heard many times, my Sangha members and friends always mentioned that
I wish I have some opportunity to do retreat,
but I did not have this situation. I feel kind of bad.
But even though it is strange time situation, but it really is opening a new door, particularly
those who are practitioners in the Buddha,
to follow the teaching of the Buddha in the Gaurabhama Samba, retreat is a very, very popular
practices and popular systems in all those ancient great masters.
From the ancient time to the greatest teacher, Buddha Chaturmani, until now, so many people are
practicing and doing retreat.
That means teaching what they received is not just putting merely as satisfactions of the
intellectual or knowledge,
but observing that teaching into the heart and practices, converting the both each other, kindly to
complete thought for all living beings.
It does not matter what you believe, what are the traditions, customs or language we speak, but now
at this time the whole world is really going through the same situation.
The state and everyone. There is no kind of leading exceptions for the reach or the knowledge, the
learned ones or uneducated ones.
It is the really time we took our old teachings and now in heart and make that something so special
, beautiful.
The outcome will be really beautiful, and to benefit ourselves, might to help others, so that I
really like to encourage you, all of us, myself and everyone,
take this opportunity as to improve and grow and deepen our teaching of the Buddha Dhamma that we
received, received and activated at this time.
And also followed all the systems, the guidelines, the experts, explaining that we should follow
that at the same time to kind of raise up our spiritual Dhamma practices.
In the greatest teachings, the Buddha Dhamma is often mentioned that to cure the disease, make
perfect healthy, healthy.
There is such as food, conduct, medicines and meditation practices.
Those are all those targeted to help to sustain the growth of our thinking of the body.
It will help to sustain strong and healthy body, but at the same time, healthy mind, healthy spirit
, so that we can really benefit and make nice to others, everyone.
So therefore, I would just like to encourage you, this is really kind of a very unexpected and
strange situation.
We brought all together and then used this time, brought together and used this time for practices.
And many times what the great master said is true.
The difficulty troubles of the brain, the drift of the human well, and they call it richness.
And this many times happened.
Ancient time, so many of those great masters who reached high realization, but at the beginning
time, they went to so many challenges.
It is difficult to one up or another. Even when they are growing time in the families, one up or
another.
But that pushed them so much, brought strong courage and commitment, confidence and determination
to explore the meaning of very distressed lives, to benefit themselves, to all the beings.
Wide kindness, compassion, love, that's what we received teaching from the great master, the Buddha
.
That's really the teaching.
So it's really both that spiritual and dharmic qualities in the heart and mind.
So therefore, we should not be totally kind of like discipline and upset, but raise up our spirit
and courage and commitment and held our heads high.
And we follow every guidelines and every system.
So whatever needs you do, both expertise and instruction, as well as our practice of teaching that
you and me and everyone is able to put that into practice.
So I think I just thought to talk that to all of us in a way reminding to you.
You all know these things.
I'm not talking something completely new things, but just reminding to all of us.
And thank you very much again.
We are with a target with here, all the Sangha members in Pima Samyalai.
We all are really well and good health.
Everyone is following so beautifully, cautiously, mindfully, all the guidelines.
And we are also very well and happy to be your own and to get the practices.
So thank you.
Thank you very much, everyone.
Now I'm going to join some prayers.
Many of you know that I do some prayers before I talk.
And then those people, people maybe don't know exactly what I'm doing now.
I'm going to join some prayers that because what I'm going to talk is not just something I've
invented and I'm speaking.
But this is the teaching of the greatest teacher, Buddha Chapter Muni.
Gonna be a symbol of all the great masters, their teachings.
So I follow it there, kind of the instruction and the guidelines as much as I can.
My best capabilities before I talk, I honor them.
And where I'm speaking, maybe it becomes something meaningful.
And also may I stay in the purple in the line of the teaching of the greatest teachers are laid out
.
So those are the really purpose.
I'm going to join to prayers and those people who know those prayers and please join with me.
Otherwise, I will pray this.
Please meditate and relax in a natural state of your mind.
And then we'll be together.
We are together.